fix: added an additional context for the authentication middleware (#618)
ory/web: src/markdown/blog/tutorial-url-shortener-supabase-ory-integration.mdx

Quickstart guide.

### Authentication middleware

> We configured oathkeeper to act as identity and access proxy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We configured Ory Oathkeeper to act as identity and access proxy,
```

Always use full product name in blogposts for SEO :)

and our configuration does two things:

> - Checks the authentication and gets the identity by calling the `sessions/whoami` endpoint of Kratos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check authentication and who the current session belongs by calling the [`sessions/whoami`](https://www.ory.sh/docs/kratos/reference/api#operation/toSession) endpoint of Ory Kratos.
```

> - Get the identity.id from the previous step and modifies the request by adding `X-User` header with user's identity id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the identity.id from the previous step and modify the request by adding a `X-User` header with the user's identity id.
```

> It means that we do not need to take any additional steps for our go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It means that we do not need to take any additional steps for our Go
```

> application, and we can get value from `X-User`
> header and use it within our application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application, and we can get the value from `X-User`
header and use it in our application.
```
